docs: Publish 23.1 (#1294)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/partials/audit-logging.adoc

* ListTransactions

|heartbeat
a|
* Heartbeat

|authenticate
a|
* All authentication events

|schema_registry
a|
* All Schema Registry API calls

|admin
a|
* All Admin API calls
|===

=== Logged events

> The following table identifies the data logging level for each audit event entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table identifies the data logging level for each audit event entry.

NOTE: The Included column captures whether the event itself is included (for example, successful and failed access attempts), or whether a piece of data is included in the event itself (for example, Source IP address).
```

[cols="2,4,1,3"]
|===
|Data Logging Level |Audit Event |Included? |Details

.11+|System Level
|Date and time stamp for each entry |Yes |`time` field on each event
|Successful and failed access attempts |Yes |The `status_id` field shows success/failure for all access attempts for which auditing is enabled
|User ID |Yes |`user.name`

> |User connect and disconnect time |No |Connection and disconnection timestamps are logged only when explicit connection events are requested; disconnection time may be inferred from session timeout or absence of activity.

Reviewer 2: > Connection and disconnection timestamps are logged only when explicit connection events are requested; disconnection time may be inferred from session timeout or absence of activity.

I think here the first part is misleading because it makes it sounds like there is an audit event type that they could enable that turns on audit logging of user connect and disconnect events. Maybe leaving this as general as "connect and disconnect time may be inferred from presence or absence of activity" would work best?

> |User connect and disconnect time |No |Connection and disconnection timestamps are logged only when explicit connection events are requested; disconnection time may be inferred from session timeout or absence of activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|User connect and disconnect time |No |Connect and disconnect time may be inferred from the presence or absence of activity.
```

|Transaction number |No |Redpanda auditing does not assign a unique number to each request
|Failed attempts to access system data |Yes |Access attempts are logged through various audit event types
|Failed attempts to access critical directories and files |No |Not applicable
|Use of external/peripheral devices |Yes |Device access events are captured when applicable

.7+|Network Level
|Source IP address (IPv4 or IPv6) |Yes |`src_endpoint.ip` field
|Destination IP address (IPv4 or IPv6) |Yes |`dst_endpoint.ip` field
|Protocol/Ports |Yes |`service.name` shows the service/protocol used (`kafka`/`http`). `http_request.url.scheme` shows `http`/`https` for http requests. `dst_endpoint.port` may be indicative of the protocol.
|Timestamp |Yes |`time` field
|Host name |Yes |`url.hostname`: HTTP endpoints (Admin API / Schema Registry) include the HTTP hostname. Not included for Kafka (only source/destination IP).
|VLAN ID |No |Not included

> |MAC address |No |Not included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|VLAN ID |No |Not applicable
|MAC address |No |Not applicable
```
